README.md, before:

# OpenSHMEM Validation and Verification Test Suite

This is a sandbox for development of a Verfication and Validation test suite for us
by the OpenSHMEM community.  The objectives of this effort are to have an implementation agnostic
test suite which can be used for

* compliance validation of an OpenSHMEM implementation,
* continuous integration testing,
* performance regression testing.

## Building and installing the test suite

### Configure options

### Running the test suite

## Problems with Particular OpenSHMEM Implementations

### Cray

Need to set the SHMEM_ABORT_ON_ERROR environment variable to avoid hangs with some
of the Univ. Houston error checking tests.

### Open MPI (OSHMEM)

The following tests currently either hang or abort when using the OSHMEM implementation
in Open MPI:

* align
* shmalloc_loop
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_char
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_double
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_int4
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_int8
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_logical
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_real4
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_real8

Commit message:

README: add more verbiage about Cray SHMEM
Cray SHMEM can't handle UH fortran tests.

Signed-off-by: Howard Pritchard <howardp@lanl.gov>

README.md, after:

# OpenSHMEM Validation and Verification Test Suite

This is a sandbox for development of a Verfication and Validation test suite for us
by the OpenSHMEM community.  The objectives of this effort are to have an implementation agnostic
test suite which can be used for

* compliance validation of an OpenSHMEM implementation,
* continuous integration testing,
* performance regression testing.

## Building and installing the test suite

### Configure options

### Running the test suite

## Problems with Particular OpenSHMEM Implementations

### Cray

Need to set the SHMEM_ABORT_ON_ERROR environment variable to avoid hangs with some
of the Univ. Houston error checking tests.

The Cray SHMEM cannot be used to compile the UH unit tests, so one has to add --disable-fortran
to the configure line when testing Cray SHMEM.  This is due to lack of agreement in the
OpenSHMEM community about the contents of shmem.fh.


### Open MPI (OSHMEM)

The following tests currently either hang or abort when using the OSHMEM implementation
in Open MPI:

* align
* shmalloc_loop
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_char
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_double
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_int4
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_int8
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_logical
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_real4
* test_shmem_shpalloc_03_real8
